fix(nx-dev): update pricing link in launch templates (#32155)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/reference/launch-templates.md

- `docker_linux_arm64/extra_large`
- `windows/medium`

> See their detailed description and pricing at [credits pricing](/ci/reference/credits-pricing?utm_source=nx.dev&utm_medium=launch-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See their detailed description and pricing in the [credits pricing reference](/ci/reference/credits-pricing?utm_source=nx.dev&utm_medium=launch-templates).
```
